Define the differences between the networking stack (#849)
containernetworking/cni: SPEC.md

The CNI protocol is based on execution of binaries invoked by the container runtime. CNI defines the protocol between the plugin binary and the runtime.

> Note that the CNI API is interpretted in widely different ways by plugins, by design.  That is, plugins *do not operate at the same layer of the networking stack* but they do all implement some portion of a CNI API calls underlying functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CNI plugin is responsible for configuring a container's network interface in some manner. The meaning of this is left undefined by design.  That is, plugins *may provide very different functionality*, but they all speak the CNI protocol.

Plugins fall in to three broad categories:
- foo
- bar
* "Delegated" plugins, which provide "helper" functionality such as IPAM, but are executed by plugins, rather than runtimes.
```
